### 04.How_To_Read_Actively

Most exams in college test your memory.
TOEFL tests our comprehension.

`Active Reading` is when you read with a specific goal in mind.
- Exercise : Summarize each [paragraph](https://github.com/napsterhopes/English_Competency/blob/main/TOEFL/01.Reading_Section/Reading%2BActively%2C%2BPractice.pdf). 
If you can't explain a paragraph simply and clearly, you do not understand it.

---

> Example : Ceratopsians

`The ceratopsians, also known as ceratopsia or ceratopia, are among the most well-known and distinctive of all
dinosaur species. The majority of ceratopsians were four-legged dinosaurs that ranged in length from one meter
(three feet) to nine meters and in weight from 23 kilograms (50 pounds) to 5,400 kilograms. The earliest
ceratopsians lived around 161 million years ago, and the last ones died out approximately 66 million years ago
during the Cretaceous-Paleogene extinction event. The first fossil remains of ceratopsians were discovered in the
mid to late nineteenth century, and they were first classified as separate from other dinosaur species in 1890 by
Othniel Charles Marsh, one of the preeminent paleontologists of the period.`

> What was this para about?

The first paragraph acts as a general introduction to ceratopsians dinosaurs,with details about how they lived and when their bones were later discovered.

- I' m being general about the idea of the para.If you can explain a paragraph simply and clearly, you understand it.
- On test day, summarize in your head.


